  # PinSecrets
    #### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/39myX0zT2jU
    #### Description:
    PinSecrets is a personalized password generator. The problem I intented to solve with this program was that other password generators generate passwords that are hard to remember. This program first generates a 6 digit code just for you. You can memorize this code and use it as a representation of your personality. Once you memorize the pin, the passwords that are generated will also be easy to remember and you will have strong and easy to remember passwords. I am especially proud of my text_to_number function. This function creates the pin by using a special function called SHA-256 to create a unique "hash" of the text, and then converting that hash into a number. The resulting number is returned by the function. It creates a unique 6 digit code but the same text has the same pin. So if you share a worry with a stranger you may become password brothers! Otherwise, 2 different text producing the same pin is a 1 in million probability, so it is very unlikely. You may just write your name, but I don't recommend it as two Jacks will have the same pin and very similar passwords. Also, the hacker can use this program and try the combination with your name's pin. I encourage you to write personal things in the first part and stick with your pin. Think of the pin as representation of the thing that was dense in yourself. For the password, I created functions to make sure it is easy to remember. For example, my some_letters function picks three letters from the input. I wrote this function so that it won't create too cryptic passwords with letters like x, y and z. In the new_password function, I add special characters to the end of the password (again, so that it is easy to remember) but function adds very spesific characters. This is because characters like % or & are hard to type fast in keyboard and characters like "-" or "_" are characters that we are more familiar with in our daily usage. Special characters are in the end because I find it easy to add them to the end and not use them in the middle as I will probably never remember a password like that. So, I hope my password creation ways are similar to yours and I hope you can find your special password.